Match GREATEST/LEAST function behavior to other DBs (#9488)
apache/druid: docs/misc/math-expr.md

| all(lambda,arr) | returns 1 if all elements in the array matches the lambda expression, else 0 |

### Reduction functions

Reduction functions operate on zero or more expressions and return a single expression. If no expressions are passed
as arguments, then the result is `NULL`. The expressions must all be convertible to a
common data type, which will be the type of the result:
*  If any argument is `NULL`, the result is `NULL`.
*  If the arguments comprise a mix of numbers and strings, the arguments are interpreted as strings.
*  If all arguments are integer numbers, the arguments are interpreted as longs.
*  If all arguments are numbers and at least one argument is a double, the arguments are interpreted as doubles. 

| function | description |
| --- | --- |

> | greatest([expr1, ...]) | Returns the maximum expression across zero or more expressions. |

Reviewer: Old text, but maximum/minimum seem like not quite the right word. 
 ```suggestion
| greatest([expr1, ...]) | Returns the largest value among zero or more expressions. |
```

Author: Thinking about it more, I'm not sure what the best wording would be since the expressions could all be strings (in which case, `greatest` returns the last value if they're all sorted alphabetically). "Largest" may be confused with "longest". Any suggestions?

Reviewer 2: How about:

> Evaluates zero or more expressions and returns the maximum value based on comparisons as described above.

I do think "maximum" is better than "largest" due to the ambiguity with strings.

> | least([expr1, ...]) | Returns the minimum expression across zero or more expressions. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| least([expr1, ...]) | Returns the smallest value among zero or more expressions. |
```
